the world's biggest bank got hacked yes
that's happened and they were trading
with a USB stick you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you this
happened it actually did but what's the
real story behind here that is being
ignored we're going to break that down
today I want to talk about that hack not
hacka Jim Dugen but of course uh we need
to understand what this all means for
you let's begin here we have it if you
look at it the world's biggest bank has
to trade via USB stick after a hack
incident caused icbc's clients to
rewrote some of the treasury trades that
true shock the banks around the world we
are going to see more hacks take place
there's no question about that they've
been more common whether it's ransomware
whether it's you know
DDOS just trying to disrupt and it's
going to be more common as we go more
digital we're going to be affected by
that the banks will be shut down we're
going to have temporary deposits uh oh I
can't get my money out wait a minute I'm
on a cbdc central bank digital currency
I can't tap I've got nothing oh we've
got to lock it down because there's a
concern of this and that this is the
danger that we've found ourselves in and
most people don't see it but if you do
you will be able to be prepared in
advance that's what it's all about it's
self-sufficiency not necessarily just
growing a garden but you got to be
self-sufficient in different ways
because different Financial systems are
about to pop up
what I'm going to talk about to you with
you today is the deeper level in what
this whole treasury thing is all about
let's break it down here we have it
yields on Treasury bonds Rose sharply on
Thursday afternoon after a particularly
poor auction for 30-year bonds the
30-year yield Rose and it was unclear
whether the auction was affected by the
attack on
ICBC wait a minute that's what they were
pushing they were saying actually that
this hack was the disrupting factor in
the treasury market let me explain that
a little further so what happens here is
the government they have a bunch of debt
they package that debt up they sell it
at an auction they say okay we're going
to do a hundred billion dollar in debt
we're going to package that all up and
then investors come just like an auction
you would you would buy some art or
something they can buy that Deb up okay
and you know depending on the duration
depending on many factors there's an
interest rate associated with that fine
and if there aren't enough buyers what
they have to do is increase that
interest rate to make it more attractive
right that's what they do so for
instance they could issue1 trillion doll
worth if they wanted to tomorrow is
there enough buyer well they can always
have an insatiable appetite from buyers
if the interest rate is high enough but
they have to pay that back and if they
can't pay that back well then we have a
problem right okay that's the longterm
in the Sol if you're going to take out
10year debt they've got 10 years to make
that back but can they the interest
rates right now especially are too high
this is the concern they have the debt
isn't you know we're in a circumstance
where they can't pay that back so
they've gone into the circumstance where
now it seems like they're already having
difficulty finding enough buyers
that's a big problem because they want
to issue a lot more debt who knows what
happens down in the future probably the
same but as of right now this is a
problem so if they can't who is the
buyer of Last Resort that's right
Federal Reserve and if they do that if
they monetize the debt that means you
will experience a devaluation of your
currency you can't buy enough stuff with
th those same dollars your $100 bill
think about it you go shopping today a
$100 bill doesn't buy what it used to
you could buy groceries for you know
weeks and weeks on $100 not that long
ago even just before 2020 it seemed like
that $100 would would take you you know
far but in a matter of three years A lot
has changed right you tell me if you
disagree with me let me know I want to
know is it
controversial I don't think so I think
it's pretty clear non delivery of US
debt pledged as collateral surged on
Thursday as the repercussions of a Cyber
attack on ICBC Ripple through the market
the US Treasury repo fails the amount of
US debt that wasn't delivered to fulfill
trade contracts Rose it was the highest
since March and so on okay so this was
was A disruption there's no there's no
question about it but even after it was
resolved there still was a problem in
the treasury
market okay and they talk about this if
you're interested in knowing what this
was all about behind the ICBC hack is a
gang for hire that holds systems hostage
lock bit is what's known as ransomware
as a service group so they're they're
just a service SAS maybe they can exit
their company at some point and raise a
few million if they wanted to maybe more
than that but that's what it's all about
okay so that that's fine that's great
but there's something
else treasury's $24 billion
30-year Bond auction goes poorly Trader
says and this is the real
circumstance it was weaker than expected
they thought they would have a big
turnout because everybody wants us debt
and that's why we need to break down the
real
story there's much more to this yes
maybe that was a real event like don't
worry about the the ransomware factor
why that who knows what's going going on
behind the scenes but what do we find
out you know beneath that the real story
is that there's something else going on
that there is not an unlimited level of
the the US can't go in debt forever and
have a buyer
without the Federal Reserve coming in to
make sure that there is always going to
be you know this insatiable appetite it
is not possible for the us to pay back
the debt they can't pay even the
interest soon
enough this is the liquidity index and I
brought this up fairly recently and uh
it's just showing us that we are much
less liquid in fact we are at the levels
we saw during the financial crisis and
this basically shows us that it's it's
not what it once was it it's not what it
was in in 2020 or even you know leading
up to the you know 2018 and things
this is a very different world and so it
is creating a problem inside of the bond
market you could look at this on
different levels it gets very technical
let me just break up some some brief
points coupon auction sizes are
increasing creating more supply pressure
for next
year Big Stuff uh the further gradual
increases for coupon auction sizes will
likely be necessary in future quarters
if the treasury is to keep the same
pattern of increases announced in August
for the next two quarters auction sizes
would rise to new record highs this
would lift the duration of Treasury
Supply sustain substantially higher in
the next year as well that means they
already had a problem they're going to
have even more of a problem do you see
what I'm talking about here this is this
is wild I know it's complicated I know
it's not too fun but let's just be
honest
large and ongoing deficits have fed
expectations of significant Supply
increases a very high deficit despite a
strong economy puts focus on government
borrowing they're spending too much
money and they do not have enough buyers
they don't have the the buyers for that
debt you understand it's the government
spends oh let's spend oh let's put a
trillion there let's put a trillion
there that's great that's fine if you
got a buyer and if you can pay it back
I guess I guess they think that it's
okay if the Federal Reserve comes in and
buys it all up but understand that if
that happens your currency is devalued
so what do we do with this info I get it
you got to understand that you need to
to know no question this is part of a
cycle there might be a deflationary
event the bond market Sparks a collapse
suddenly we have an issue that falls
down it starts to Tumble different banks
and so on okay we got an issue here Red
Alert the response is what the Federal
Reserve comes in and they react and they
will react more than they've ever done
before they will devalue your currency
and you will have to face the
repercussions of that that means you
know everything is a higher price do you
disagree with me please let me know I
want to know what you think the end
result is not what you've been told of
the opportunity of a lifetime the end
result is that you will experience more
inflation asset prices can rise or you
can get a stag inflationary
environment it could be a combination of
many factors where you know assets like
real estate may you know just kind of
Flatline for a while maybe they go
within a channel for a while and
everything's unaffordable nothing comes
down necessarily and it's just a
sluggish economy certainly that could
happen as well but your currency will
buy you less
less there's no question tomorrow it'll
bu you less than today we know this it
is a fact US debt Bill Rockets passed a
cool one trillion a year the I mean I
can't believe it the The Debt Pay they
got to pay a trillion dollars in
interest rates in interest a
trillion this is
something you can't walk away from that
you can't fix that you know what I mean
well what I want to tell you is if you
want the latest and
greatest what I'm getting into now is
creating my own GPT you probably heard
of chat GPT well they let you create
your own now I am formulating one for my
only exclusively for my private money
GPS Finance live group this group is
going to get access to this new GPT and
what that does is it takes current
market conditions and it will be able to
assess that and look at the Historical
examples give you all the details give
you an output based on those conditions
what did very well last time what are
the stocks associated with that what are
the sectors associated with that give
you reasons why and then you could input
criteria for instance I think the
Federal Reserve is going to cut interest
rates how does that change what we can
experience and it gives you the same
output the sectors and everything that
would benefit as a result of that this
will be locked to only those as part of
my money GPS Finance life so if you're
interested in that in addition I mean
that's a big already a big offer it's
crazy but now you're going to get even
more okay that's coming soon if you're
interested link is in the
description and we have the comment of
the day from bezo he says I use that
paycheck the paycheck article in the
personal finance class that I teach he
was talking about 62% of people living
paycheck to paycheck all right might use
this video as a followup keep doing what
you do absolutely I will we need to
realize that it's going it's not going
to be 62% soon it's going to be 72 it's
going to be 82 it's going to be close to
100% of people because of the way that
they are going towards it a crisis bond
market less liquidity we have a problem
them they react they overreact and we
get another 2020 what inflation you
experience from 2020 up until 2023
expect at least that at the very minimum
but potentially two times five times
greater now I'm not talking about
hyperinflation I'm talking about another
dose of inflation year over year over
year that we could experience as a
result of what they're planning if you
want to know more about that of course
subscribe to the channel but if you want
that close
classroom you know small group feel join
what I call Money GPS Finance the link
will be in the description you'll get
the live sessions you'll get this new
tool that I'm building as well I hope to
see you there take care